>Ephesians 6:10-19
>The Whole Armor of God
10 A final word: Be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power. ==11 Put on all of God’s armor so that you will be able to stand firm against all strategies of the devil.== 12 For we are not fighting against flesh-and-blood enemies, but against ==evil rulers and authorities of the unseen world, against mighty powers in this dark world, and against evil spirits in the heavenly places==.
13 Therefore, put on every piece of God’s armor so you will be able to resist the enemy in the time of evil. Then after the battle you will still be standing firm. 14 Stand your ground, putting on the **belt of truth** and the **body armor of God’s righteousness**. 15 For shoes, put on the **peace** that comes from the Good News so that you will be fully prepared. 16 In addition to all of these, hold up the **shield of faith** to stop the fiery arrows of the devil. 17 Put on **salvation as your helmet**, and take the **sword of the Spirit**, which is the word of God.
18 ==Pray in the Spirit at all times and on every occasion. Stay alert and be persistent in your prayers for all believers everywhere.==
19 And pray for me, too. Ask God to give me the right words so I can boldly explain God’s mysterious plan that the Good News is for Jews and Gentiles alike.

The verse talks about putting on the full armor of God, as it is our defense to the devil's schemes. We are in a spiritual warfare, in which our enemies are of spirits and devils in the spiritual realm. Fighting them won't be easy if we use this world's equipment. Good thing God has given us the armor to be well defended. Verses 14 onwards enumerate the armor of God. We have to put on the belt of truth and the armor of God's righteousness. In this world, where people of varied ideologies and opinions constantly force you to adapt their "truth", be it correct or wrong, there's possibly a chance that you adapt their worldview, that's why wearing the belt of truth, gives you clarity on the absolute truth, which is Jesus Christ.

Put on the armor of God's righteousness, we are in a slightly progressive country where things are getting normalized and things sacred to God are being mocked. We are in a world where people celebrate homosexuality, divorce, abortion, and things alike. The world is in a moral decline, their values and perceptions about morality is distorted. Wearing the armor of righteousness allows us to discern from this beliefs.

Right now we really need to strap on our boots of peace. The world is in such a chaos and discord. News reporting bad news coupled with fake news everywhere. How can our hearts be at still? We shall confide in God's promises that He will never forsake us and that he is our refuge and strength in times of trouble.

We are also asked to equip the helmet of Salvation, shield of faith, and sword of the Spirit. All these rests on our faith. Our faith has to be genuine and based from the Bible. Our sword is as good as our faith, if our faith is weak, we will surely lose the battle to the Devil. So, let us nourish our faith and prepare for battle!

*References:*

- [[Devotions 2020]]
- [[Spritual Warfare]]
- https://bible.org/seriespage/26-spiritual-warfare-ephesians-610-20 (write about this)

