
# 🌲  Brain in a Vat
<iframe width="660" height="415" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zO0sSJB1TrI" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## neuroscientist experiment

Neuroscientist drugs you and drags you to his lab. He cuts open your brain and puts your brain in a nutrient solution. He then plugs it to a machine to send electric impusles to your brain to simulate stuff about a world that is deceptively real.

Since conscious experience is generated by the processes of the brain, we don't need the body to be conscious.

So, the question remains, how do you not know that we are brains in a vat?

## rene descartes

Rene descartes claimed that we can be absolutely certain of one thing — our existence. We are thinking, thus we must exist because there is no thought without a thinker. 

His famous phrase was *Cogito Ergo Sum*, which meant "I think, therefore I am."

---

# 🧠 active recall

<details> 
	<summary> <b>What is the Brain in a Vat Experiment?</b></summary>
	Neuroscientist drugs you and drags you to his lab. He cuts open your brain and puts your brain in a nutrient solution. He then plugs it to a machine to send electric impusles to your brain to simulate stuff about a world that is deceptively real.
</details>
<br>
<details> 
	<summary> <b>How is conscious experience generated?</b></summary>
	Conscious experience is generated by the processes of the brain.
</details>
<br>
<details> 
	<summary> <b>What was one thing that we are absolutely certain according to Descartes?</b></summary>
	Rene descartes claimed that we can be absolutely certain of one thing — our existence
</details>
<br>
<details> 
	<summary> <b>What was the famous phrase of Descartes in Latin?</b></summary>
	Cogito Ergo Sum
	<details> 
	<summary> <b>What does it mean?</b></summary>
	"I think, therefore I am."
</details>
</details>

---

# related notes
- [[📋 PHILO 1 - Philosophical Analysis I]]
- [[🌲 Problem of Skepticism]]
- [[🌲  Three Responses to Skepticism]]
- [[🌲  Thought Experiment 1 Lecture Video]]